What's your turn, Dad?
Our family was contacted by Jehovah's Witnesses a few years ago.
Rachel started studying first.
Soon, we all joined in.
For the first time, we were all learning what the Bible really teaches.
It wasn't long before we were sharing the truth with others.
Well, most of us were.
I knew it was the truth.
But I didn't know if I could live up to everything Jehovah asks.
What if I let everyone down?
What if I let Jehovah down?
Can you just give me one second?
A kind elder named Ben noticed I was struggling.
He took the initiative to help.
He asked, what drew you to Jehovah in the first place?
I guess it was learning that Jehovah isn't harsh and demanding.
But he's a loving father.
Ben agreed and said, when we do our best to serve Jehovah, he does the rest.
He explained that Jehovah knows our limitations and doesn't expect perfection.
And he's always there to help because he wants us to succeed.
Then he read Isaiah 41-10,
Do not be afraid for I am with you.
Do not be anxious for I am your God.
I will fortify you.
Yes, I will help you.
I will really hold on to you with my right hand of righteousness.
I don't need to be perfect to serve Jehovah.
I just need to love him and trust him and heal the rest.